hi I'm Nadine Hill and today I want to
share with you a recipe for a very
low-calorie rice pudding I eat this all
the time it's brilliantly sticks to my
slimming world plan and it's in free if
you're following slimming world yourself
and otherwise it's just a very
low-calorie rice pudding you can fill up
on it and it's great because it keeps
you full and for quite long periods
which is brilliant if you're extra
hungry one day it has two main
ingredients the first one is pudding
rice this is not long grain or basmati
or anything like this is pudding rice it
must say pudding rice which you get in
the home baking aisle at the supermarket
so my pudding rice which I've got in my
container is here and I'm just going to
measure out exercise grounds just a bit
more I'll put a bit much another shot
some of that back in there nearly there
nearly 85 grams perfect so 85 grams of
pudding rice in my rice cooker and I've
measured out 350 mil of cream soda it's
sugar free cream soda and it has to be
sugar-free low-calorie one so literally
mix all the cream soda with the rice
pudding in the rice cooker or you can do
it your pilots actually I might write a
pirate stroke in the oven because I'm
going to have with this recipe I'll tell
you a different recipe for the oven but
in my rice cooker in my microwave and
I'm going to put it on for 10 11 11 18
minutes go
so that recipe super easy cream soda 350
mil rice pudding pudding rice I should
say 85 grams mix the two together pop
them in the microwave my microwave takes
18 minutes
it's an it's an 800 watt so if you have
a more powerful microwave just to just
few times accordingly and and when it
comes out I will show you I just
sprinkle a little and grated nutmeg or
some ground cinnamon sprinkle it on the
top and that is a really delicious very
quick snack which will fill you up and
ask for the oven if you're going to do
this rice pudding in the oven I wouldn't
use cream soda what I would use is 85
grams of pudding rice into a pyrex dish
I would use a hundred mill of milk
skimmed milk and I will top it up to the
paint mark with boiling water from the
kettle then I would use a highlight
sachet let me show you one of these
sachets and at the low calorie chocolate
drink in slimming world this is two sins
otherwise it's 40 calories I would mix
that in with some sweetness to taste mix
it all up and put it in the oven on
about 150 degrees for an hour and a half
to two hours and that is a really nice
creamy rice pudding it's chocolate rice
pudding gorgeous but you don't always
have to hours and to wait if you want a
snack so this one that I've done in the
microwave is super quick and I'm going
to show you the results as soon as it's
ready so it's finished now
now get your ask around and then oh now
this is my rice pudding
I literally give it a little stir to
flip it up I'll show you how so excuse
me I'll just pop that in the bowl so it
makes a decent bowl fall and I get my a
light gram cinnamon and just give it a
sprinkle on the top there we go and then
that's the snack and that bowl of rice
pudding
it's very low calorie I'm slimming world
it is sin free and and that will put me
on right through to lunch and actually
it's quite nice
first ooh